Yesterday many fortunate ones could
Enjoy someone very special in
our lives our moms flowers
gift chocolates and even some
videogames were given as children to
mothers to celebrate their day
that's why today we are going to count
of those moms made up of pixels that
have been seen in some video games
certainly nobody better to start eva
or tatiana is known with several
names but the one that best defines it is
certainly big mama
born on May 15, 36 was
trained to become an agent
sleeper of the philosophers in love
up to big boss' eyebrows be here in
comma and a project is started is
fertilized with minimal success
genetically altered and gives light to solid
snake liquid snake and solids snake
maybe she is not an exemplary mother but
course can fardar it a
good time
maybe you do not know her by her name
but I assure you that thanks to her
you have a new killer idol for more
tracks
under the name of canieti and today is
nun was released by king way and after
I help you and you help me
and kiss and then clear mess pity
he realized later that kim güey
it was from the Templars but hey that from
There he left with Desmond's ancestor
mails so more bad was not the thing
mothers do many things for
us and everything we do to
return the favor knows a little
although of course oliver does not hesitate
try it in every way possible
maybe this is one of the
more sad kinematics that we could
see at the beginning of ni no kuni we know
ally the mother of the prota in few
seconds you earn our infinite love
by saving his son's life by delivering
his in return although sad the
Hope to return to life shines
strong in the animated studio world
ghibli
it's no secret many mothers are
of arms take and some up
literally
this is the case of nina williams who
She collaborates with the CIA and has very,
very bad bagpipe so much that this is the
Prota of a video game but that entity that
where her role as mother is discovered
although not by own will plunged into
a cryogenic dream wakes up when
it is owned by the god of struggle and in its
first custom zasca has to kill
steve fox who turns out to be his son 's
which I had no conscience since it was
begotten when I was in the dream
forced good argument for a
telenovela truth
sure that many has happened to you there
Sometimes you think that your mother does not
is from this planet true
something like that should have thought sephiroth in final
fantasy 7 when he saw that he very much
normalito like that it was not although his
biological parents were the eye doctor and
lucrecia were the genoa cells
those that gave him good power already
the soldiers of without rap like being
extraterrestrial that is your mission before and
now it is to end the world hopefully
come back in a future always linked to
that cold because he will never be a
memory
and here our review of the truth is
that we have left many moms
pixilated in the inkwell for example the
light of final fantasy 10 and 10 2 with their
wah casitos eleonora de maio soft 2
and of course cooking breast
protagonist so you already know if
you know any that we have left
leave us in the comments until
then
and
maybe he does not know her and good to him and
to the soldiers and the project is a fan
it's dating the terrible fans I have
the language for history